uh-oh ally was missing for days
when her husband orson called the police
to report it
detective wells arrived at the scene and
found her purse
buried in the garden inside there was a
note that read
it's a sign you're mine i redesign your
new life
the police had three suspects with
unusual names
orson her husband ryan her best friend
and atlas her brother who took alec
[Music]
it was rye almost all the words in the
note
rhyme with his name
while driving in a storm john saw three
people standing in the rain at the bus
stop
but he only had one seat available in
his car
who gets the ride his childhood friend
an old lady that looks like she's
freezing or his wife
[Music]
john asked his childhood friend to drive
the old lady to the hospital
and then take the car back to his house
and john himself will wait for the bus
with his wife
mark is locked in a 30-foot tall cell
with an earthen floor and a window near
the ceiling
there's nothing else in his room but a
shovel and a bed
the entrance is blocked with concrete
how can he get out
mark can shovel the soil to the wall
underneath the window
and climb out
detective jones was called one day by
border control
about a suspicious pickup truck every
day
the vehicle went back and forth between
two countries
with a large sack in the back of its
truck bed
when the detective opened the sack it
was filled with sand
what was the driver smuggling
trucks
a geography teacher vanished on the
first day of school
when the police arrived they suspected
four people who claimed to have alibis
the landscaper was mowing the front lawn
the
english teacher was giving students a
surprise test
the principal was preparing for his
welcoming speech
and the coach was meeting new students
who wanted to join the football team
who was lying
the english teacher of course students
don't get surprise
tests on the first day well maybe not at
this school
a crazy scientist took 10 people into
his lab to check their intelligence
he gave everyone two pills and a glass
of water
he told them one pill is a placebo and
the other is poison
whichever you take i'll take but somehow
everyone ended up unconscious after the
trial except for the scientist
how did he do it
both pills were placebo the poison was
in the water
[Music]
shane and mia went to japan for their
honeymoon
only shane came back and mia's family
called the best detective in town
what should be the detective's first
move inspect shane's suitcase
inspect shane's house call the travel
agency shane and mia used
[Music]
call the agency to see how many return
tickets shane had booked
he's a suspect and he shouldn't know the
police are investigating him to avoid
losing the evidence
someone knocked on amy's hotel room door
when she opened it
she saw a mysterious man he apologized
and said he'd mistaken
amy's room for his when he left amy
called the police
why
[Music]
nobody knocks on the door of their own
room this is a technique used by people
who want to break into someone's home
a worker was found unconscious near the
entrance of an abandoned building
he has no memory of what happened but
seems to have fallen from the building
detective marx is assigned to this case
and he must figure out whether the
worker
fell or was pushed he goes to the first
floor
opens the window and throws out a small
rock he does the same on the second
floor
and all the way to the top when the
detective comes back down
he's sure the worker was pushed how does
he know
he had to open windows on all floors to
throw out rocks
this was an abandoned building and
someone closed the window right after
pushing the worker
james ordered a coffee from his local
bakery put in some sugar
but then noticed a fly in his cup he
told the staff member
and they took back the coffee and
brought him a new one but when he got a
sip
he got angry why
[Music]
his new coffee was already sweetened the
staff member
only removed the fly
tom was walking into snowy park at 10 pm
when he got attacked from behind he
didn't see who knocked him out
and he immediately went to the police
the detectives questioned four suspects
adam said he was at a suit fitting for
his dinner later
daniel said he was hosting a party at
his place
susan said she was working out before
going to work
and luke said he went to the park to get
some cool photos of flying birds
one of them is lying who
[Music]
it's luke it's next to impossible to see
birds at night in winter
[Music]
right before the final soccer match the
team's goalkeeper went missing
the police arrived and they had three
suspects from the rival team
mike said he was signing autographs for
his friends
jake said he had broken his ankle and he
was getting a massage
john was training at the gym before the
match
the police immediately knew who did it
it was jake you don't get a massage when
you break your ankle
a doctor walked into an unconscious
patient's ward
there he saw a nurse buttoning up her
shirt
as soon as she noticed him she exclaimed
it's not what you think
the nurse isn't lying but why was her
shirt unbuttoned in the first place
[Music]
she got locked out of the changing room
and knew that the patient
was unconscious so she went to his ward
to change into her uniform
yeah i believe her
[Music]
a group of six friends decided to check
out an abandoned house in their
neighborhood
when they arrived mark one of the group
warned his friends
not to go in but all of them ignored him
and walked in anyway
mark stayed outside but his friends
never came out
[Music]
what did he see that stopped him from
going into the house
[Music]
there were footprints going in but none
coming out
detective stevenson is taken by some of
his mean supervisors
who want to test his intelligence they
put him in a room with two doors
one leads to freedom while the other
opens onto a bottomless pit
there are two guards either responsible
for one door
one of them always tells the truth while
the other always lies
stevenson doesn't know who's the honest
one and he can only ask
one question to one of them what should
the question
be to save his life
if i ask the security guard next to you
which door leads to freedom
what will he say the honest guard will
say that the liar will point to the
dangerous door
the liar will point to that one too no
matter who stevenson
asks he should pick the door neither of
them will point at
melissa is walking down a dark alley
when she notices a dark
figure following her she walks into a
restaurant and sits at a table
the mysterious figure does the same then
she yawns
and immediately knows she's got a
stalker how
[Music]
when she looked up the mysterious figure
was also yawning
it means they had been watching her
the director of a large company was
found unconscious in his office
the police showed up saw the messy
office and realized that a fight had
gone down
they went to his secretary and asked to
see the list of visitors that day
immediately they knew who did it how
the last visitor was the culprit during
the fight
the wall clock also stopped because it
got hit
it showed the exact time the last
appointment took place
sarah wanted to get some money from her
brother for a house
she couldn't tell him the truth and
asked him for an expensive gift
after a week her brother gave her a
glamorous tiara
then she went to her second brother
asked for money
but he gave her jewelry still she's got
both money and jewelry
how is it possible
she asked for a similar jewelry item and
sold one of them
[Music]
susie went on a dating website and found
three guys that she liked
all with some very impressive
backgrounds but only one of them
is telling the truth can you guess which
one
shane said he was an astronaut he went
to mars and enjoyed a beautiful sunset
chris said he was a scientist and went
to the north pole
he enjoyed being on floating eyes and
seeing both arctic foxes and penguins
dylan said he was a pilot and once he
flew his helicopter so
fast he broke the sound barrier
[Music]
shane is telling the truth the sunset on
mars is blue
there are no penguins in the north pole
and helicopters can't travel faster than
the speed of sound
oh and yes we'll also ignore the fact
that no one's been to mars yet
susie also thinks shane has beautiful
eyes so who are we to disrupt this
love connection